hey guys welcome back to stupid
centrally on the reason I'm calling it
that is because I apparently have this
random addiction for suicide missions
with Pikachu so I have ivory park and
turbulent Torcy sound ruins another
turbulent or and eternal ruins all right
I've done that one before but to
turbulent tours I think I think because
uh no matter what I mean tug on the tour
like both versions of kiram can appear
either black here I'm more like kiram
cuz we know already that regular qiyam
is that hoarfrost our how frost tower
where I have no idea pronounce it but uh
yeah alright then off to the turbulent
or we go do of the weed the V wave again
I'd like to actually get through one of
these legendary per house without a V
wave but don't think it's gonna happen
oh it's white cure em all right
again with this music I love it okay
this time I'm not gonna fool around I am
going to use an awl protect orb that's
the hardcore stuff right there of course
he's gonna go fire his laser I mean
really I mean come on it's the first
thing you're gonna do right bro of
course all right and I protected or not
particular I'll stating more so I'm
gonna go and get some new insurance
later yeah that's unfortunate they left
me again I got to go to state farm oh
well Brooks work yeah I think
Thunderball actually does more even
though it's not super effective I don't
know think it's just because
thunderbolts on a higher level posts tab
of course if you're not a wife but that
learn you present another step oh you
can actually hit I don't know I don't
know if you can't actually hit a
threesum fly and i don't know if i
actually just missed or what I think if
I missed this done then okay yeah it
doesn't it doesn't hit them occur in
there oh dang oh dang oh dang this guy's
not jacking around yeah okay I'm coming
from the gold yeah why don't we even
keep missing Thunderball I mean
seriously I'm not gonna hit this guy I'm
just pulling an ash I'm being stupid
Thunderbolt Pikachu Thunderbolt bigger
too I mean seriously if it doesn't work
keep on doing it cuz that's just the
best logic ever amazed latest agility 3
times do do do do do too where is he
like oh he was using fly the whole time
well duh okay horn Barry time I just
want and don't want to die because I
have you saw my item so critical whoo oh
my god sky foreal dude Duke I still know
if I'm honest all this music from Star
Wars or not hmm I don't know guys don't
ask me I mean I guess I could look it up
okay I'm gonna have to move okay yeah
omote i'll head of his laser this laser
broke his power range at laser he dies
too Wow Kyurem you and your brothers or
is this the same Kyurem won't just
transforming different form i don't know
i don't know you think they're gonna be
like one Kira I mean that makes sense
but I don't know does this game do you
guys think it's the same curing just
transformed or do you guys think there's
like different kiram's in this game I
don't know I honestly don't know well
you're like the same rewards every time
thanks for watching this episode book-
your dungeon be sure to rate comment
subscribe all that good stuff and I will
see you guys later